
As I mentioned on Slack, I fixed that particular notebook, but the visibility plot still has the odd non-monotonic lobes.

I fixed the plot sizes, and I completed all of the subplot titles.

------------
Low priority:
* I fixed the all ones notebook. The returned visibility vector correctly
	gives the source's flux without extraneous phase and with the expected zero-entries
	in the other cells of the vector.

Not worth talking about:
* updated the package name and installation details, primarily to avoid name clash with existing flux package

--------
In principle, it should not matter which flux-by-frequency
you order by. However, in practice (as we can see in
parser_demos.py), some sources are brighter than others
at certain frequencies.

actually, only one source lacked an index	{
	We have several sources that lack spectral indices,
	    so it looks like we are moving ahead with plan A
    	(use a power-law regression to get a spectral index function)

	write a power law equation which takes a
		spectral index and then scales the result appropriately
    	> amplitude of visibility should be decreasing with frequency
    	> (since all of these sources are synchrotrons)
	plt.imshow()
}

We discussed to do ten-minute intervals:
each ten minutes, we have one data point
5 hours, 6 data per hour.
0-8 hours (colder patch)

DO NOT average it yet, return an array of all
data points.

Want graph of times and positions for sources.

A will change according to time. Equation 3 assumes that we have
just one integration time.

The change in A over time represents a drift scan,
like the Gaussians that you recently visualized.
    Time you can do, you have all the information. I am guessing
    I probably only need to call raddec2lm with different values
    of ra0, i.e. moving what would otherwise be the current LST
    over the entire range [0, 2 np.pi)

use constant flux independent of frequency
(this is the same as saying that alpha is equal to one)
then varying frequency from 100-200 MHz
'assume it is the same beam between 100 and 200 MHz'
    beam variation is what we will eventually be handling anyway

15 m or 30 m baseline East-West
    I do not remember what this means.

I need to plot the A matrix, to see the leakage terms.
Plot it in healpix. It doesn't have to look like in Ridhima's
paper because she did not use healpix.

(Ask for Ridhima's power spectrum notebook plot for a
single baseline, once the above work has been completed and tested.)
