In principle, it should not matter which flux-by-frequency
you order by. However, in practice (as we can see in
parser_demos.py), some sources are brighter than others
at certain frequencies.

We have several sources that lack spectral indices,
    so it looks like we are moving ahead with plan A
    (use a power-law regression to get a spectral index function)

PING RIDHIMA TO GET FREQUENCY BEAM
    once you have your current pipeline working for this
        frequency

for now, assume that 100-200 MHz is the same frequency
    use spectral index to scale the result
    split it at 1 MHz for now.
    (i.e. same Jones matrix 100-200 MHz for now).
"I will leave the chunking of frequency and time up to you."

We discussed to do ten-minute intervals:
each ten minutes, we have one data point
5 hours, 6 data per hour.
0-8 hours (colder patch)
create 1D plot.
    great Slack question: what is the best way
    to visually represent the results?

DO NOT average it yet, return an array of all
data points.

time axis (2D), frequency axis (3D)

write a power law equation which takes a
spectral index and then scales the result appropriately
    > amplitude of visibility should be decreasing with frequency
    > (since all of these sources are synchrotrons)
plt.imshow()

simple test for the computation:
at zenith (ra = LST), a source should be real
(phase is zero)

feel free to use orthview to get the
Mueller matrix plots. Figure 1 in (Nunhokee et al)
did not actually use healpy, so feel free to
tinker.
    "Return projected map -> store in variable
    variable -> imshow"

read up on healpy.cartview,
    that is a third option besides Mollview and orthview

do not worry if the axes are not in RA and Dec,
    just get the healpy grid on the A matrices
    like in the Stack Overflow

Want graph of times and positions for sources.

A will change according to time. Equation 3 assumes that we have
just one integration time.

The change in A over time represents a drift scan,
like the Gaussians that you recently visualized.
    Time you can do, you have all the information. I am guessing
    I probably only need to call raddec2lm with different values
    of ra0, i.e. moving what would otherwise be the current LST
    over the entire range [0, 2 np.pi)

use constant flux independent of frequency
(this is the same as saying that alpha is equal to one)
then varying frequency from 100-200 MHz
'assume it is the same beam between 100 and 200 MHz'
    beam variation is what we will eventually be handling anyway

15 m or 30 m baseline East-West
    I do not remember what this means.

I need to plot the A matrix, to see the leakage terms.
Plot it in healpix. It doesn't have to look like in Ridhima's
paper because she did not use healpix.

(Ask for Ridhima's power spectrum notebook plot for a
single baseline, once the above work has been completed and tested.)
